Clarified best practices pertaining to Color Palette values (#15006)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/themes/theme-support.md

) );
```

> `name` is a meaningful human-understand color (demonstrated above) that shows up in the tooltip and also provides accessibility support to a11y users. `slug` is a unique identifier for the color and is used to generate the CSS classes used by the Gutenberg color palette. `color` is the hexadecimal code to specify the color.

Reviewer: A couple notes:

- Phrasing: I'd recommend "human-readable" in place of "human-understand" in this context.
- Phrasing: I'd recommend "appears" in place of "shows up" as more likely to be more universally understood.
- I'd generally discourage considering "a11y users" as a concrete group, though in this instance I think it may be fair to say that the largest impact is on those using screen readers or who otherwise would have difficulty perceiving the color.

```suggestion
`name` is a human-readable label (demonstrated above) that appears in the tooltip and provides a meaningful description of the color to users. It is especially important for those who rely on screen readers or would otherwise have difficulty perceiving the color. `slug` is a unique identifier for the color and is used to generate the CSS classes used by the Gutenberg color palette. `color` is the hexadecimal code to specify the color.
```

As it's not my area of expertise, I've added the label "Needs Accessibility Feedback" for a second opinion.
